Topic Ideas
- Attack Simulation: is a simulation using a specific APTs TTPs to conduct an attack within a virtual environment. This simulation would allow for the observation of traffic and system changes to show the effects of an attack within an enterprise environment. Attack simulation allows security professionals to analyze APTs within a secure environment which can help lead to the development of better security tools, hunting techniques, and a better understanding of how a threat actor thinks and acts. I personally am interested in this topic because in a previous class for a project, we did the same thing at a smaller scale, I would like to be able to expand on that making it bigger and more in-depth. I plan to have a virtual enterprise environment with logging and security features set in place. In this environment, I would simulate an attack based on a specific APT by using their TTPs as well as the deployment of malware, backdoors,  or any other malicious processes/programs.

- Malware: for this a piece of either in-house, like a backdoor, or existing malware, like GhostRAT, would be taken and put into a legitimate program/process. This would demonstrate how malware can be embedded in processes that most people would trust. The ability to manipulate a legitimate process and make it malicious or add malicious components within the process is something that attackers do. Taking a process and making it malicious allows for the identification of code that is not secure or the finding of areas within the code that could be strengthened to help deter attackers from using said process because it is harder to manipulate. If we can identify where a process can be exploited then we can figure out a way to fix it.
